---
title: n770
author: vbatts
layout: post
date: 2007-10-21T04:30:22+00:00
url: /2007/10/n770/
tags:
  - ISV
  - Linux

---
so i am thoroughly enjoying this nokia internet tablet, i had reflashed it to an early version of it&#8217;s OS, but quickly returned to the 2007 hacker&#8217;s edition. the only thing i&#8217;m lacking, that is missed, is the flash player plugin. so, many website functions are not available, but i&#8217;m ok with this.

much of what i do on a regular basis is reading <a href='/?attachment_id=14' rel='attachment wp-att-14' title='n770 NewsFeeds'>news feeds</a> ,playing <a href='/?attachment_id=13' rel='attachment wp-att-13' title='n770 Mahjong'>Mahjong</a>, listening the local mp3&#8217;s or internet radio. but i&#8217;ve ultimately enjoyed the fact that it is like home in my pocket, i found HowTo&#8217;s to put a root kit on it, and give the ability to start treating more like a native linux machine. i have had to refrain from just totally decimating it, so i don&#8217;t have to re-flash it, because there is still a level of laziness to my methods.

it is a debian base system, and their frontend package manager is a fine package manager, but once you have added the community repository enough to install the xterm program, then you can just &#8216;vi /etc/apt/source.lst&#8217; and add more repos their.   of the extra things i&#8217;ve installed so far is the &#8216;minimo&#8217; mozilla browser, xterm, nmap, mplayer, pidgin (xmpp,aim,irc), video center (video podcast manager), vncviewer, maemopad+ (notepad database thing&#8230;), maemo-wordpy (wordpress client for blogging),

here are a few more random snaps i&#8217;ve just taken,
  
* <a href='/?attachment_id=15' rel='attachment wp-att-15' title='n770 xterm'>n770 xterm</a>
  
* <a href='/?attachment_id=16' rel='attachment wp-att-16' title='n770 FileManager'>n770 FileManager</a>
  
* <a href='/?attachment_id=17' rel='attachment wp-att-17' title='n770 HomeScreen'>n770 HomeScreen</a>
  
* <a href='/?attachment_id=18' rel='attachment wp-att-18' title='n770 pidgin'>n770 pidgin</a>
  
* [n770 pdf][1]

battery life is very dependent on usage, i try to keep the screen almost as dim as it will go and only kick on the wireless mode when needed. and even if i&#8217;m surfing the web, i&#8217;ll turn off the bluetooth if i&#8217;m not using it. on average i will deplete it every other day. But if i&#8217;m hammering on it, or just surfing the web for hours, it will die in just a couple of hours. you give and take.

most of my browsing is done in doors, so i can keep the screen tuned all the way down. but if you need to look at it and you are out doors, the brightness cranked all the way up is visible for a LCD type, but it can still be challenging. i can accept this for now, many devices are like that.

portability, i carry it in my pocket most everywhere i go now. it spoons with the brick of a work phone (700w Treo) i carry. if i&#8217;m going home to work, vice versa, i&#8217;ll probably through it in my bag. But as soon as i&#8217;m at the office, its on my desk or in my pocket. the only thing about its apperance that \*partially\* disturbs me is that people might think i&#8217;m playing a PSP or some gameboy type console&#8230;

 [1]: /img/2007/10/pdf.png "n770 pdf"